# Daan_Knowledge_Graph
Project to create an OWL ontology and AllegroGraph knowledge graph for UN Sustainable Development Goals and Non-Governmental Organizations. 

Note: for large knowledge graphs see the Project Wiki

The abstract from a paper submitted but not accepted for publication yet: 
The Daan Match project seeks to 1) improve access to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) funds for small Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) 2) use technology to reduce the bureaucratic burden for NGOs to demonstrate compliance with funding programs so that they can focus more of their energy on helping those in need and 3) increase awareness of the UN Sustainable Development goals in order to help in the realization of these goals. The initial focus of the project is on India because there is acute need in India to improve the availability of funds for NGOs, especially to small NGOs who spend most of their effort on helping those in need rather than on administration. This paper describes one module of the Daan system developed with ontology and knowledge graph technology. Specifically: OWL, SPARQL, Protégé, Cellfie, and the AllegroGraph graph database product from Franz Inc. The Daan Knowledge Graph module (DaanKG) provides an ontology that models the UN Sustainable Development Goals. It also models organizations such as NGOs, corporations, and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programs. The current system provides a knowledge graph with data about NGOs in India gathered from public sources. Users and developers can analyze the data via SPARQL and visualize SPARQL queries using the Gruff tool in AllegroGraph. Plans for the short term (1-3 months) future include incorporating: more public data on NGOs, data about corporate CSR programs, and large amounts of relevant data about Indian geography from Wikidata. In addition, short term plans include development of a GUI front end to allow non-technical users to utilize the data. The ultimate goal is for DaanKG to be one module of the Daan Match system that will significantly facilitate the funding, monitoring, and analysis of NGO projects and CSR programs measured by the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 
